Miss Lu Zongxia
Have you forgotten?
You have already received your marriage license
Yes, I got the certificate.
The child can't be taken away
What am I in a hurry
The big deal is to run directly with the child after three years
Meng Tingyue saw that you saved my life
I will reluctantly continue to travel with you
After three years of the contract, we will sell in two
Sure, as long as you don't kidnap my daughter and son
Everything is fine
Son, are you coming back for dinner tonight?
back
Married for several days
I haven't taken you to meet my family yet
Tonight you pack up and meet my mom
Can I not go?
You drink more
Mother and sister-in-law
This is my wife Xia Runian
Don't you have an engagement with Xin'er?
hearing
You are married?
Me and Ruyan
Have you received the certificate?
Got the certificate
Mom has long wished you could be quiet